in the Serengeti youngsters spend years
watching how older lionesses tackle
large prey however it looks as though
these Cubs will have to teach themselves
through trial and error they begin the
stalk like seasoned hunters using the
scant cover to conceal themselves and
they have to be incredibly quiet Oryx
are spooked by the slightest sound
one of the youngsters looks as though
it's made a mistake
it's broken cover actually very cleverly
it's pushing Lorex towards the other
line
[Music]
and Oryx is quite capable of seeing off
alarm as long as the antelope sense its
ground and doesn't run but will the Oryx
keep its nerve
finally the youngsters lose heart
you